README.md, before:

# Poké-guesser Bot

Poké-guesser Bot is a discord bot which selects random pokémon and asks the user to guess the pokémon name. The bot automatically tracks the score of participating users. It also recognizes a number of admin commands, and player commands such as catching pokémon, and displaying the leaderboard.

## Repositories

Poké-guesser Bot is hosted on Github.

- The most recent version is here: https://github.com/GeorgeCiesinski/poke-guesser-bot
- The version that used to run on Replit and is being maintained until the original version is ready to be used in prod is hosted in the legacy branch on here: https://github.com/Wissididom/poke-guesser-bot

# Technology

## Replit

We used the online IDE [Replit](https://replit.com/~) to create Poke-guesser Bot. The bot was intended to be ran straight from Replit so that it is hosted in the cloud.

## NodeJS

This project is written entirely using JavaScript in the [Node.JS](https://nodejs.org/en/) runtime environment.

## discord.js

All interactions with discord were handled thanks to the [discord.js](https://discord.js.org/#/) library.

## API

This bot would not be possible without [PokeAPI](https://pokeapi.co/). This API provided a list of all pokémon, including their variants, as well as sprites that were instrumental in building this Poke-guesser Bot.

# Contributions

To contribute to the bot, please fork this repository and open up a pull request to merge changes back into the repository.

If your change adds a feature, please include proof that the feature is working as intended. Make sure you also test the bot to ensure other features aren't broken.

# License

[MIT](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/mit/)

# Additional Credit

Code Contributions by [Wissididom](https://github.com/Wissididom)

Replit Cover Image by [PIRO4D](https://pixabay.com/users/piro4d-2707530/) from [Pixabay](https://pixabay.com)

Leaderboard Image by [Aurelia Candeloro](https://www.instagram.com/aurelia.borealis)

Commit message:

Add note about this project not being used anymore to the README

README.md, after:

# Poké-guesser Bot

The last instance of the legacy bot was migrated over to the new version, so this project will likely be archived or deleted soonish. Maybe I will push the branch to the upstream repo, but I'm not sure about that yet.

Poké-guesser Bot is a discord bot which selects random pokémon and asks the user to guess the pokémon name. The bot automatically tracks the score of participating users. It also recognizes a number of admin commands, and player commands such as catching pokémon, and displaying the leaderboard.

## Repositories

Poké-guesser Bot is hosted on Github.

- The most recent version is here: https://github.com/GeorgeCiesinski/poke-guesser-bot
- The version that used to run on Replit and is being maintained until the original version is ready to be used in prod is hosted in the legacy branch on here: https://github.com/Wissididom/poke-guesser-bot

# Technology

## Replit

We used the online IDE [Replit](https://replit.com/~) to create Poke-guesser Bot. The bot was intended to be ran straight from Replit so that it is hosted in the cloud.

## NodeJS

This project is written entirely using JavaScript in the [Node.JS](https://nodejs.org/en/) runtime environment.

## discord.js

All interactions with discord were handled thanks to the [discord.js](https://discord.js.org/#/) library.

## API

This bot would not be possible without [PokeAPI](https://pokeapi.co/). This API provided a list of all pokémon, including their variants, as well as sprites that were instrumental in building this Poke-guesser Bot.

# Contributions

To contribute to the bot, please fork this repository and open up a pull request to merge changes back into the repository.

If your change adds a feature, please include proof that the feature is working as intended. Make sure you also test the bot to ensure other features aren't broken.

# License

[MIT](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/mit/)

# Additional Credit

Code Contributions by [Wissididom](https://github.com/Wissididom)

Replit Cover Image by [PIRO4D](https://pixabay.com/users/piro4d-2707530/) from [Pixabay](https://pixabay.com)

Leaderboard Image by [Aurelia Candeloro](https://www.instagram.com/aurelia.borealis)
